Middle age Health Crisis Warning
2017-03-23
My favourite series and possible favourite book of all time are the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. Before I write this review can I just say that I'm not a fantasy reader. If I was given ??10 to spend on a book I would automatically head for the horror, sci-fi or thriller sections so the fact that Harry Potter is fantasy just shows how amazing the books are! The first book is Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. The story starts with Number 4 Privet Drive about a boy called Harry Potter who lives in the cupboard under the stairs of a house owned by Mr and Mrs Dursley with their overly spoiled son called Dudley. In the fist quarter of the book it shows how Harry begins to receive letters which are addressed to him, in his cupboard and at the top of the letter a crest show the letters S,G,R AND H embellished with a snake, a griffin, an eagle and a badger. Even though this alone sounds mysterious Mr and Mrs Dursley don't allow him to read the letters and will go to any length to stop him. As the book progresses The Dursleys go away to a hut in the middle of the ocean to ensure no letters can arrive, but at midnight (before Harry's birthday) a giant of a man, later on to be recognised as Hagrid, bursts in and tells Harry he's a wizard! Hagrid also tells Harry how he came to live at Privet Drive as his parents were murdered by the Dark Lord, Lord Voldemort. He also gives Harry the letter he had been hoping for for weeks it includes a letter to say that Harry will be attending Hogwarts school for Witchcraft and Wizardry and a list of essentials for his year ahead. Hagrid also informs Harry that he will have to catch the Hogwarts express which is located at King's Cross at platform 9 and 3/4. When arriving at King's Cross Harry soon realises that there is no platform 9 and 3/4, or at least that is visible. Then Harry meets what is going to be his second family, The Weasleys with 7 children, the youngest boy being Ronald Weasley who will soon become Harry's best friend for life. When they arrive at Hogwarts the first years wait to be sorted by the sorting hat. Harry and Ron are both placed in Griffindor to the delight of the other Weasley children currently attending Hogwarts. (The other houses are Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff.) As the year goes on at Hogwarts Harry and Ron attain a new best friend for life by the name of Hermione Granger and to the end of the year they have to all three face a battle against the dark Lord!
